"Consider" command

    Consider her meditation on vantage points
    Consider her mediation on reflections

    Could only offer considering as an option at a key point during a sequence.



Should "Consider" be able to retroactively affect history?
    - while entered but before submitted, highlight the history entries that would be changed by it
    - after submitting, animate them changing

Cons:
    - affected history that scrolls beyond the top of the screen could go unnoticed by the player
        - could experiment with interface measures to address this-
            - a pulsing arrow bidding the player to scroll up to the affected point(s)
            - a sub-window appearing over the main game window that can be scrolled or jumped around with shortcut buttons
            - a page/segment/table of contents abstraction that shows which portions of the story are affected
    - requires the player to focus on more than one thing at a time

Pros:
    - powerful evocation of how interpretation corresponds directly to source experience, "marking it up"
        - one could argue that you can do this with alternating colors within the current output text being printed.
        - until you "consider" the right thing, you can only get the "unenlightened" version of the experience, which ultimately results in erasure.
            - doing it the right way will get the "enlightened" experience, and will be similar to the loop-erased "unenlighted" versions. but it's possible for the player to "miss the point" of this being similar.


Tower approach, description, climb, survey from peak

Brush maze

bridges and paths felt meh

Partially frozen water, difference in sun reflection, ducks walking on ice


notes experiments


Niney-

every option is the right thing to do somewhere
but not so wrong elsewhere that you can't ping it there

this is good. but add reuse.

adding wreck stuff-
    an 'option' is built out of smaller things
    zendo-style guess the rule- whether you're "done" specifying an option is unclear
    options are lexical!

Other ideas
    long structured commands
    you can be wrong in multi-step operations, and have to start over (hadean lands! and witness!)
    
    something about pairwise similarity/relational operations used to approximate a global space ???

    Views into earlier parts of the history
        summary zoomed out view in right sidebar?



Loop-erased random walks for history management
    A game where backtracking is impossible from the perspective of the game narrative
    Instead, any traversal to an already-visited state rewrites history so that all visited states participating in the loop never happened, and instead were "imagined" or "considered but rejected"

    In a 4-by-3 grid, there are 17 full-spanning acyclic traversals when starting from the corner. 17 "hows" of a walk across the entire grid.

    If we take the 4 corners to be locations of particular significance, then we find there are 4 orders in which the corners can be visited for these 17 possible traversals. This would yield 4 skeleton narrative progressions.

    Running with the idea of 4 corners of significance, there will be various numbers of non-corner spaces visited between corners. These spaces, in addition to being spatial locations which flesh out the setting, provide pacing in which the events of the previous corner-visits are reflected upon.

    See lerw.py